- So I woke up at 6:00. I spent 6 hours 20 minutes in bed. I'm starting work at 6:30. 
- At 6:15 I did 4 minutes of qigong, 3 minutes of warm-up, 2 minutes of sun salutation, so 9 minutes of exercise. 
- Now at 6:30 I'm starting MBSR time tracking and morning check of priorities. 
- So it's 6:50 and I'm starting a study of coaching - I spent 50 minutes on it. It went okay, but not much work done, because it was a mess in my note. 
- Then at nine-thirty I worked. 15 minutes in my car doing business overhead. 
- At eleven o'clock I had personal psychotherapy for 50minutes, it was great. 
- At 10:30 I spent 20 minutes on business overhead, like cleaning my workplace, organizing. I was tired but quite good. 
- Now I started at 13:30, another 20 minutes of the same like arranging office, organizing things here. 
- it's 13:50 I spent ten minutes on LinkedIn network development, liking things, reposting and such. 
- I have few insights today. Perhaps with Anička it's like diagnosis. She prolongs everything. It's not possible to agree with her normally. I feel really angry with her, but the pressure doesn't work. It only complicates our relationship. So what to do, perhaps we need more time for everything. 
- Okay, it's 14:01 and I'm starting to make notes from my Blinkist study. So I played 45 minutes with how to get notes from Blinkist to my note-taking app. I made notes from two books, which is good. Now I'm going to write essay on coaching 
- So at 14:45 I started writing the article essay from Spiral of Coach. I spent 45 minutes on it, it went well. 
- So it is 15:41, I'm going on with the ethical essay from Spiral of coach - I spent 50 minutes on it and it's great. I have two tasks done. 
- And now at 16:40 I spent 15 minutes on organizing my calendar. . 
- So I started at 1700 with integration questions from Spiral of Coach and I spent 40 minutes on it. 